c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\ConnectWebcam.exe.config
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\obj\Debug\ConnectWebcam.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\obj\Debug\ConnectWebcam.Form1.resources
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\obj\Debug\ConnectWebcam.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\obj\Debug\ConnectWebcam.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\ConnectWebcam.exe
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\ConnectWebcam.pdb
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.dll
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.xml
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.xml
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\obj\Debug\ConnectWebcam.exe
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\obj\Debug\ConnectWebcam.pdb
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\x64\liblept172.dll
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\x64\libtesseract304.dll
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\x86\liblept172.dll
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\x86\libtesseract304.dll
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\Tesseract.dll
c:\users\poucel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConnectWebcam\ConnectWebcam\bin\Debug\Tesseract.xml
